Adjust the wording on the healthcheck stretch goal, and add/remove a … (#5)
CorndelWithSoftwire/DevOps-Course-Workshop-Module-08-Learners: during_workshop_8.md

> - If you are seeing a Node Sass error, try adding the `DotnetTemplate.Web/node_modules` folder to a `.dockerignore` file to avoid copying local build artefacts/dependencies into the image.
> - To build the dotnet code you'll need the correct version of the [SDK](mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/sdk:5.0) (Software Development Kit) dotnet Docker image.
> - Note that you won't need to run `sudo` when building the image (as the default user is root).

> > - Some instructions, like installing Node, might depend on the OS of an image - for a Linux image it might not be immediately obvious which distribution you have. Interacting with a container built from the image can often help you to determine it (e.g. `cat /etc/*-release` will often provide an idea) but Docker Hub might offer clues too - can you spot any on the dotnet SDK page?

Reviewer: Does our material cover how to interact with containers? I do tend to tell learners about "docker exec -it container_name /bin/bash" when I get the chance, but I don't know if that's in the mainline material

Author: Explicitly, I don't think so. We usually demonstrate attaching a shell through VSCode's extension, but good point. I'll see if I can provide a link to a guide here

### (Stretch goal) Healthcheck
Sometimes the build, tests and deployment will all succeed, however the app won't actually run. In this case it can be useful if your workflow can tell you if this has happened. Modify your workflow so that it does a healthcheck.

> As part of this it can be useful to add a healthcheck endpoint to the app, see [this microsoft guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/health-checks?view=aspnetcore-5.0#basic-health-probe) for an example of how to do this. This article looks intimidating, but can you work through the "Basic health probe" section? You should find that we can add the endpoint with just two lines of code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of this it can be useful to add a healthcheck endpoint to the app, see [this microsoft guide](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/host-and-deploy/health-checks?view=aspnetcore-5.0#basic-health-probe) for an example of how to do this. This article is long and detailed, and that can make it look intimidating - but everything we need to know is just in the "Basic health probe" section. Try working through it! You should find that we can add this healthcheck endpoint with just two lines of code.
```
Looks great! I've also offered my variant take, which I do not claim has any advantage, choose or discard at your will XD
